Auto download over Wi-Fi Download
software updates automatically when
connected to a Wi-Fi network on switch
two of four.
Double tap to activate,
download and install.
Last checked on October 12th, 2023.
Downloading via mobile networks may
result in additional charges.
If possible,
download via Wi-Fi network instead one of
four.
Double tap to activate Auto download over
Wi-Fi.
Download software updates automatically
when connected to a Wi-Fi network.
Off switch to A4, double tap to activate.